DONE
----

a. Get list working - DONE
b. View page - DONE
c. Get delete working - DONE
d. Add start crawl page - DONE
e. Add test proxy mode - DONE
f. Wrap proxied fetch in a try catch and test (unproxied first)
g. Wrap proxied fetch in a try catch and test (proxied)
h. Debug "The cache now contains 2 items", this is wrong!
j. Why are proxied fetches not being recorded?
i. Convert the log to say "The cache at `/remote/cache` now contains 2 items"
k. Items are not deleting, why? (Permission issues).
m. Add script to fix perms when API starts up
i. Put logs somewhere visible (the redirection does not seem to have worked).
   Maybe use a shell script with tee going to both stdout and file?
l. New app page to view proxy logs
w. Test crawler - needs to update the queue item with an error message
v. List queue items in progress or errored
o. Fix broken API tests (on Travis only)
y. When deleting an item, stay on the same page
q. When adding an item for crawling, stay on the same page
n. Add a regex check in Proximate\Queue\Write so bad regexs can be rejected
x. Add crawl timestamp to sites
r. Move docker-compose.yml to app?
z. Add instructions in api/readme on how to start with docker run
A. Add instructions in app/readme on how to start with docker compose
q. Publish proximate-app
n. Requests for the same URL that differ in regex should have a different hash.
p. SimpleCrawler goes to stderr, not stdout
B. Queue is not working, debug this
B1. Disable queue and run it manually
B2. Investigate this in supervisord, "--address localhost:8080" - that looks wrong
B3. Need to add "DOMDocument" to API container
F. Move queue functionality to separate repo/container
F. Queue has rename crash (caused by outdated hashes in old queue)
H. Remove Supervisor from the API repo
K. Can Docker re-start the queue automatically when it exits?
J. Are queue items being created? Stop the queue and create .doing and .error items
D. Add tests for Core
E. Add build badge for Core

TODO
----

I. Remove creation of queue folder from Dockerfile in API
L. Collapse two volumes "/remote/x" into one volume "/remote"
G. Add README for Queue repo
B4. Can we add a "test on startup" in the proxy?
C. If there is a name clash when renaming a status, add a count entry instead?
